README.md, before:

## Merhaba 👋

Ben Kerim Can Cancaloğlu.  
Elektrik-Elektronik Mühendisliği öğrencisiyim.

Şu anda Python öğreniyorum ve İstanbul Gelişim Üniversitesi bünyesinde verilen **“Otonom Sistemler”** sertifika programında öğrenim sürecim devam ediyor.

Bu GitHub hesabında derslerde ve kişisel çalışmalarımda yaptığım projeleri paylaşıyorum.  
Amacım öğrendiklerimi düzenli bir şekilde belgelemek ve kendimi teknik olarak geliştirmek.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<!--
**cancancaloglu/cancancaloglu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with personal information
Added personal introduction and educational background.

README.md, after:

## Merhaba 👋

Ben Kerim Can Cancaloğlu.  
Elektrik-Elektronik Mühendisliği öğrencisiyim.

Şu anda Python öğreniyorum ve İstanbul Gelişim Üniversitesi bünyesinde verilen **“Otonom Sistemler”** sertifika programında öğrenim sürecim devam ediyor.

Bu GitHub hesabında derslerde ve kişisel çalışmalarımda yaptığım projeleri paylaşıyorum.  
Amacım öğrendiklerimi düzenli bir şekilde belgelemek ve kendimi teknik olarak geliştirmek.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Hello 👋

My name is Kerim Can.  
I am an Electrical and Electronics Engineering student.

I am currently learning Python and continuing my education in the **“Autonomous Systems”** certificate program at **Istanbul Gelisim University**.

On this GitHub profile, I share my coursework and personal projects.  
My goal is to document my learning process and continuously improve my technical skills.

<!--
**cancancaloglu/cancancaloglu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
